
"""You receive a bug report that in one of your instant messaging (IM) servers, the suro symbol is reaching its final destination in a garbled form. You find the error in the library module that maps special characters, correct the bug, recompile the code, and test it. When it's validated, you transfer the patch to the live servers and load it in the Erlang runtime system. The next time a euro symbol is received, the patched module will be used and the euro symbol will be mapped correctly.

You achieve all of this wthout strange or complex workarounds, without having to restart your system, and most importantly, without affecting any of the other IM-related events currently being handled. If all of this sounds simple, well, it is. And not only is it simple, but it is also really, really cool1 Originally inspired by the Smalltak lanuage, the software upgrade capability is a feature very rarely found in modern programming.

The ability to load new and updated modules during runtime allows systems to runwithout interruption, not only when errors are being fixed but also when new functionality is added. It also reduces the turnaround time of bugs and facilitates testing, as in most cases, systems do not have to be restarred for patches to be validated and deployed. The software upgrade mechanism relies ona set of simple but powerful constructs on which more powerful tools are built. These upgrade tools are used in pretty much every Erlang-based system where downtime has to be reduced to a minimum.""" Francesco Cesarini and Simon Thompson,  Erlang Programming - A Concurrent Approach to Software Development.
